whoa oh yeah whoa oh yeah whoa oh yeah
uh honey why the big celebration okay
there's a few reasons school's out we
just reached 100 subscribers and there's
gonna be a huge celebration party at the
beach and I'm invited well that sounds
like fun honey singh it's the bay oh I'm
so excited okay now I'm gonna go choose
what Sonny's to wear wait not so fast
you're not going anywhere until you do
your chores wait what did you say I told
you yesterday you have months of chores
to do you haven't done your dress for
months and pay maybe even years and
they've all been thanking up and I told
you yesterday if you didn't do them
yesterday then you're going to have to
do them today remember Laura you have to
do your trip tomorrow okay well oh man
why did this have to happen the mom I
can't miss the party can i do it
tomorrow or something everyone's gonna
be at this party it's gonna be the party
of the year maybe even the decade it
could even be the party of the century
honey I'm sure not everyone will be
there can you're not going to that beach
party are you did somebody say beach
party sorry guys after you go whoa beach
party ok Felicity my moms giving
everyone a lift to the beach party and
it's fine if skipper and Stacey come
right of course it is guys go ahead
awesome come on Stacy ok bye thank you
for listening if I mom
how can you let that go and not me what
about their chores uh they already did
their choice yesterday that is so not
fair Oh Laura if you want to get to this
party you better get cracking on your
chores you can start with the vacuuming
shouldn't have to do it oh boy this
thing is gonna be pretty hard getting
down the stairs
ah you know that was exhausting uh honey
in no time for lazing around if you want
to get to that party you still have
needs more chores too now I recommend
that chicken hello mr. on you stupid
machine why won't you work Laura maybe
next time you should just try pressings
let go oh ok I don't get it you've never
done the launching the floor help you
nope can I get a party now mm-hmm right
after you she'd is just clean the room
feed the pets take out the trash sweep
the kitchen floor wipe the bench get the
fireboard wash the car scrub the toilet
does the silverware mow the lawn and
pull out the weeds now have fun I'm
gonna go watch TV Oh empty that is a lot
of drawers ok I know I don't want to do
this but I do want to get to that party
so if I want to get to that party I have
got to do this chores I have got to get
serious I too
whatever comes my way I will clean it no
matter what happens I will clean my way
to success I will do chores until my own
stroller I am going to get to that party
I am
you
cleaning the car grade okay oh my god
you that mud is no disgusting ok I have
to clean the doors oh finally I'm done
ok I think that will be enough Oh mom
I've finished my chores can I go to the
party now well honey you seem really
time do you think you've got enough
energy to go mom what is silly question
of course i have enough energy to go to
the morning yeah it was that that's
pretty ever I know right oh hey guys
whoa eat all the candy I bought whoa
guess what some guys some big dude at
the party he told me how to serve man i
love the beach oh i didn't actually see
you at the party i missed it oh come on
I want to give a shout out to seven
awesome Barbies